I have been playing you know you
remember last words of the final those
like Olympic Stadium you know it was
like pre-owned comfortable but I
remember you made finals yes we all we
all remember that honey thank you for
dropping I'm just saying don't say you
know well we are done with the first day
of the NA LCS finals in third fourth
place match here at the Fillmore in
Miami I'm joined right now by honey with
coverage presented by Omni slash talked
a little bit about their clean sweep of
clutch gaming so honey things looked a
little shaky for echo fox for a little
bit there at the end a lot of people
thought that clutch was gonna take it
out today you guys managed to clean
sweep them what what allowed you to do
that yeah definitely we changed our
mindset a lot at the same time there was
a lot time for actual practice and it
was like just to make it was like really
good at playing game right now so that's
why I like we look kind of like pretty
bad even though like we're definitely
better don't like any other team because
like we have insane scream reserves
against like 100 and CG so like
definitely technically was I playing too
well and actually we had a lot problem
as a team to have we actually recognized
after Tim kid we could actually fix a
lot as a team and definitely we got
better that then like compared to a
semi-finals and that's pretty much
that's all thing like that's why I like
it was a pretty cooling game even though
we had some mistake like these keep
trusting our air lock you know our
strength and player on that and actually
we're not afraid in anything at all
during the first game one of the casters
was commenting on the fact that normally
echo fox is a very like let hooni carry
the game style but that in that game it
looked like a lot of that responsibility
had been shifted over to the other
players in the other lanes was this
something that you guys tried to do did
you try to focus on okay maybe it's not
all about hooni all the time maybe it's
about some of the other lanes I mean
it's just like our one of like biggest
trends is like I'm putting on carrier
and like playing to a top you know
like today test came to in kimchi like
definitely those are playing through top
which is like I was like playing cameo
the first game like I was like actually
putting to pick , but actually they just
planted so like from dear
there was no that much champion that I
can bring up like Carrie's house champs
I mean there's a lot but what I'm is a I
don't want to pull up we also randomly
you know like so definitely like they
just been in first game so that's why I
like you know like it was like option to
like option one was like just call me
oppa option two was like first time or
and yeah do you feel like you hope you
always had option 2 or is option 2 new
no it's like I option 18 so yeah we
could have gone all the way down to 18
today potentially yeah potentially be
like it was like to cooling game first
and dar Adal was like popping off so
they had to like poo jungler ban I I
mean like you know like we have never
been like top band put it and putting
ban on top like let's say my everyone
was just banning like camel on GP like
every single game so I was like for me
is like really hot it was like pretty
hard for me to actually put it off but
you know it seems like one of like out
of two is like opening you know that's
the Unni words you know talk to me a
little bit about the chrono break in the
pause that occurred in game 3 what was
that like from the echo fox perspective
I mean like I was like really really
frustrating about like this connor most
happy and free kill you know but alright
i could not see a much happier like
there was only two champs that heating's
Connor
like I was like remind so I actually
first time I press Y which is like you
know what's the why the cap your screen
where you are and then I press wall and
that there was nothing no I actually
nearly like I don't know and after three
second I just come down and then I pause
it obviously because like it was like
pretty awful I use like for my resource
and I don't know I think it was proof
fun experience pretty fun experience
because I have been first time actually
being Curran break from me also actually
chrome break is like first time for me
but like I'll take was like having the
MF game you know with the monitor I
think like he was like saying yeah nor
about it we can correct like you know
like this is pretty cool and that it's
pretty cool and next the after korabik
it looks like you know there was no way
they can actually contest that the rat
path because i since we were playing
like camel and such and as Jack was like
way more pressure against the enemy so
definitely those like pretty free man
after yeah now there was a interesting
story at the beginning of the split
everyone said echo Fox is gonna explode
and then halfway through the split
everyone's like stop talking about echo
fox exploding that's not gonna happen
and then at the end of so is that what
happened like what was going on like why
the explosion what happened why'd you go
boom probably I'll say there's was a lot
metal shift and that we couldn't follow
it because you know I guess riot the
balanced team hate me they decide to
nerve every table trims but you know why
I somehow I got out of it like with a
common law CP you know it's still like
that Benjy of day there f GP like then
therefore a lot like you know it's
public after like blimey like it's for
example but it's feels like we just
didn't and a role player unlike blog
like before team goes boom so that's a
lot like we're pretty having a hard time
that autopsying about the meta you know
like before like no one can no one could
contest against me that I'm playing
whatever I want this is like my word and
definitely it was like really hard for
my our teams putting trigger firm like
source from the like any other Lane
because we were not used to so also a
same time we got like first places too
easily that what I feel and that we kind
of lost like a lot motivated and we felt
kind of like cocky like seems like
there's no any any team that actually
can match us
there I think we dropped on a lot ok so
last question as we're wrapping up
you've played in massive arenas before
this venue is a little different it's a
theater it's got a little bit of a
different feel what was it like for you
to play in this venue this theater today
yeah I mean I have been playing you know
you remember last words of the final
those like Olympic Stadium you know it
was like pre-owned comfortable but I
remember you made finals yes we all we
all remember that honey thank you for
dropping I'm just saying don't say you
know so you know like this is this was
like pretty cozy and also it's like dirt
match what's not like nervous at all it
was like an even more confident you know
when I play regular seasons feels like
it wasn't I was not even like sweating
my hands like usually I got sweaty Mike
hands on or like fit my getting sweat
when I'm like kind of nervous like when
I take flights when you take flight yeah
when I take five because I I have like
in the bug like the bug today yeah I
mean I was sweating that time yeah
because I you know I was air so
definitely I wasn't sweating my husband
but yeah from their birth today what's
not like sweating at all all right that
means like I was like just sure and but
still I like these places even though
there's like 2,500 people you know it
was like apparently up here that it's
like sold out
definitely so you know fancier I hope
that's fun a lot fans are actually you
know having fun a lot I hope and that's
all thank you so much to me for the
interview congratulations on the win
today big sweet we can do this okay
thank you so much for everyone else you
can check out the rest my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel
listen Rodan I forgot to fill me out
roads this weekend we really do it at
the venue and now we're doing it on the
way to the airport so thank you so much
to Omni slash for sponsoring our
coverage and flight and the zubur and
everything else on the way out here they
really made it possible
thanks so much for watching subscribe
here for more videos